README.md, before:

# [#JuaraGCP Season 9](https://events.withgoogle.com/juaragcp-season-9/)

<img src="README.png" width="400"/>

## 1. Automating Infrastructure on Google Cloud with Terraform

<br>

## 2. Build a Website on Google Cloud

| Lab                                                                                                                                             | Code     |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| [`Deploy Your Website on Cloud Run`](qwiklabs/2.Build%20a%20Website%20on%20Google%20Cloud/GSP659.md)                                            | `GSP659` |
| [`Hosting a Web App on Google Cloud Using Compute Engine`](qwiklabs/2.Build%20a%20Website%20on%20Google%20Cloud/GSP662.md)                      | `GSP662` |
| [`Hosting a Web App on Google Cloud Using Compute Engine`](qwiklabs/2.Build%20a%20Website%20on%20Google%20Cloud/GSP662.md)                      | `GSP662` |
| [`Deploy, Scale, and Update Your Website on Google Kubernetes Engine`](qwiklabs/2.Build%20a%20Website%20on%20Google%20Cloud/GSP663.md)          | `GSP663` |
| [`Migrating a Monolithic Website to Microservices on Google Kubernetes Engine`](qwiklabs/2.Build%20a%20Website%20on%20Google%20Cloud/GSP699.md) | `GSP699` |
| [`Build a Website on Google Cloud: Challenge Lab`](qwiklabs/2.Build%20a%20Website%20on%20Google%20Cloud/GSP699.md)                              | `GSP319` |

<br>

## 3. Build and Secure Networks in Google Cloud

## 4. Cloud Architecture: Design, Implement, and Manage

## 5. Create and Manage AlloyDB Databases

| Lab                                                                                                                                          | Code      |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- |
| [`AlloyDB - Database Fundamentals`](qwiklabs/5.Create%20and%20Manage%20AlloyDB%20Databases/GSP1083.md)                                       | `GSP1083` |
| [`Migrating to AlloyDB from PostgreSQL Using Database Migration Service`](qwiklabs/5.Create%20and%20Manage%20AlloyDB%20Databases/GSP1084.md) | `GSP1084` |
| [`Migrating to AlloyDB from PostgreSQL Using PostgreSQL Tools`](qwiklabs/5.Create%20and%20Manage%20AlloyDB%20Databases/GSP1085.md)           | `GSP1085` |
| [`Administering an AlloyDB Database`](qwiklabs/5.Create%20and%20Manage%20AlloyDB%20Databases/GSP1086.md)                                     | `GSP1086` |
| [`Accelerating Analytical Queries using the AlloyDB Columnar Engine`](qwiklabs/5.Create%20and%20Manage%20AlloyDB%20Databases/GSP1087.md)     | `GSP1087` |
| [`Create and Manage AlloyDB Databases - Challenge Lab`](qwiklabs/5.Create%20and%20Manage%20AlloyDB%20Databases/GSP395.md)                    | `GSP395`  |

<br>

## 6. Create and Manage Cloud Resources

| Lab                                                                                                                  | Code     |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| [`A Tour of Google Cloud Hands-on Labs`](#6-create-and-manage-cloud-resources)                                       | `GSP282` |
| [`Creating a Virtual Machine`](#6-create-and-manage-cloud-resources)                                                 | `GSP001` |
| [`Compute Engine: Qwik Start - Windows`]()                                                                           | `GSP093` |
| [`Getting Started with Cloud Shell and gcloud`](qwiklabs/6.Create%20and%20Manage%20Cloud%20Resources/GSP002.md)      | `GSP002` |
| [`Kubernetes Engine: Qwik Start`](qwiklabs/6.Create%20and%20Manage%20Cloud%20Resources/GSP100.md)                    | `GSP100` |
| [`Set Up Network and HTTP Load Balancers`](qwiklabs/6.Create%20and%20Manage%20Cloud%20Resources/GSP007.md)           | `GSP007` |
| [`Create and Manage Cloud Resources: Challenge Lab`](qwiklabs/6.Create%20and%20Manage%20Cloud%20Resources/GSP313.md) | `GSP313` |

<br>

## 7. Create ML Models with BigQuery ML

<br>

## 8. Deploy and Manage Cloud Environments with Google Cloud

| Lab                                                                                                                                                                  | Code     |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| [`Configuring IAM Permissions with gcloud`]()                                                                                                                        | `GSP647` |
| [`Hosting a Web App on Google Cloud Using Compute Engine`](qwiklabs/2.Build%20a%20Website%20on%20Google%20Cloud/GSP662.md)                                           | `GSP662` |
| [`Orchestrating the Cloud with Kubernetes`](qwiklabs/9.Deploy%20to%20Kubernetes%20in%20Google%20Cloud/GSP021.md)                                                     | `GSP021` |
| [`Networking 101`](qwiklabs/8.Deploy%20and%20Manage%20Cloud%20Environments%20with%20Google%20Cloud/GSP016.md)                                                        | `GSP016` |
| [`Using BigQuery and Cloud Logging to Analyze BigQuery Usage`](qwiklabs/8.Deploy%20and%20Manage%20Cloud%20Environments%20with%20Google%20Cloud/GSP617.md)            | `GSP617` |
| [`Migrate to Cloud SQL for PostgreSQL using Database Migration Service`](qwiklabs/8.Deploy%20and%20Manage%20Cloud%20Environments%20with%20Google%20Cloud/GSP318.md)  | `GSP318` |
| [`Deploy and Manage Cloud Environments with Google Cloud: Challenge Lab`](qwiklabs/8.Deploy%20and%20Manage%20Cloud%20Environments%20with%20Google%20Cloud/GSP314.md) | `GSP314` |

<br>

## 9. Deploy to Kubernetes in Google Cloud

| Lab                                                                                                              | Code     |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| [`Introduction to Docker`](qwiklabs/9.Deploy%20to%20Kubernetes%20in%20Google%20Cloud/GSP055.md)                  | `GSP055` |
| [`Kubernetes Engine: Qwik Start`](qwiklabs/6.Create%20and%20Manage%20Cloud%20Resources/GSP100.md)                | `GSP100` |
| [`Orchestrating the Cloud with Kubernetes`](qwiklabs/9.Deploy%20to%20Kubernetes%20in%20Google%20Cloud/GSP021.md) | `GSP021` |
| [`Deploy to Kubernetes in Google Cloud: Challenge Lab`](#9-deploy-to-kubernetes-in-google-cloud)                 | `GSP318` |

<br>

## 10. Engineer Data in Google Cloud

<br>

## 11. Ensure Access & Identity in Google Cloud

<br>

## 12. Exploring Data with Looker

| Lab                                                                                              | Code     |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------- |
| [`Looker Data Explorer - Qwik Start`](#12-exploring-data-with-looker)                            | `GSP718` |
| [`Filtering and Sorting Data in Looker`](#12-exploring-data-with-looker)                         | `GSP855` |
| [`Merging Results from Different Explores in Looker`](#12-exploring-data-with-looker)            | `GSP856` |
| [`Creating a Looker Modeled Query and Working with Quick Start`](#12-exploring-data-with-looker) | `GSP984` |
| [`Looker Functions and Operators`](#12-exploring-data-with-looker)                               | `GSP857` |
| [`Exploring Data with Looker: Challenge Lab`](#12-exploring-data-with-looker)                    | `GSP346` |

<br>

## 13. Google Cloud Solutions I: Scaling Your Infrastructure

<br>

## 14. Google Kubernetes Engine Best Practices: Security

<br>

## 15. Implement DevOps in Google Cloud

<br>

## 16. Insights from Data with BigQuery

<br>

## 17. Measure Site Reliability using Cloud Operations Suite

<br>

## 18. Optimize Costs for Google Kubernetes Engine

<br>

## 19. Perform Foundational Data, ML, and AI Tasks in Google Cloud

<br>

## 20. Perform Foundational Infrastructure Tasks in Google Cloud

<br>

## 21. Securing your Network with Cloud Armor

<br>

## 22. Serverless Firebase Development

| Lab                                                                                                                         | Code     |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| [`Importing Data to a Firestore Database`](qwiklabs/22.Serverless%20Firebase%20Development/GSP642.md)                       | `GSP642` |
| [`Build a Serverless Web App with Firebase`](qwiklabs/22.Serverless%20Firebase%20Development/GSP643.md)                     | `GSP643` |
| [`Deploy a Hugo Website with Cloud Build and Firebase Pipeline`](qwiklabs/22.Serverless%20Firebase%20Development/GSP747.md) | `GSP747` |
| [`Serverless Firebase Development: Challenge Lab`](qwiklabs/22.Serverless%20Firebase%20Development/GSP344.md)               | `GSP344` |

<br>

## 23. Set Up and Configure a Cloud Environment in Google Cloud

<br>

| Lab    | Code |
| ------ | ---- |
| [``]() | ``   |
| [``]() | ``   |
| [``]() | ``   |
| [``]() | ``   |
| [``]() | ``   |
| [``]() | ``   |

Commit message:

Insights from Data with BigQuery ✅

README.md, after:

# [#JuaraGCP Season 9](https://events.withgoogle.com/juaragcp-season-9/)

<img src="README.png" width="400"/>

## 1. Automating Infrastructure on Google Cloud with Terraform

<br>

## 2. Build a Website on Google Cloud

| Lab                                                                                                                                             | Code     |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| [`Deploy Your Website on Cloud Run`](qwiklabs/2.Build%20a%20Website%20on%20Google%20Cloud/GSP659.md)                                            | `GSP659` |
| [`Hosting a Web App on Google Cloud Using Compute Engine`](qwiklabs/2.Build%20a%20Website%20on%20Google%20Cloud/GSP662.md)                      | `GSP662` |
| [`Hosting a Web App on Google Cloud Using Compute Engine`](qwiklabs/2.Build%20a%20Website%20on%20Google%20Cloud/GSP662.md)                      | `GSP662` |
| [`Deploy, Scale, and Update Your Website on Google Kubernetes Engine`](qwiklabs/2.Build%20a%20Website%20on%20Google%20Cloud/GSP663.md)          | `GSP663` |
| [`Migrating a Monolithic Website to Microservices on Google Kubernetes Engine`](qwiklabs/2.Build%20a%20Website%20on%20Google%20Cloud/GSP699.md) | `GSP699` |
| [`Build a Website on Google Cloud: Challenge Lab`](qwiklabs/2.Build%20a%20Website%20on%20Google%20Cloud/GSP699.md)                              | `GSP319` |

<br>

## 3. Build and Secure Networks in Google Cloud

## 4. Cloud Architecture: Design, Implement, and Manage

## 5. Create and Manage AlloyDB Databases

| Lab                                                                                                                                          | Code      |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- |
| [`AlloyDB - Database Fundamentals`](qwiklabs/5.Create%20and%20Manage%20AlloyDB%20Databases/GSP1083.md)                                       | `GSP1083` |
| [`Migrating to AlloyDB from PostgreSQL Using Database Migration Service`](qwiklabs/5.Create%20and%20Manage%20AlloyDB%20Databases/GSP1084.md) | `GSP1084` |
| [`Migrating to AlloyDB from PostgreSQL Using PostgreSQL Tools`](qwiklabs/5.Create%20and%20Manage%20AlloyDB%20Databases/GSP1085.md)           | `GSP1085` |
| [`Administering an AlloyDB Database`](qwiklabs/5.Create%20and%20Manage%20AlloyDB%20Databases/GSP1086.md)                                     | `GSP1086` |
| [`Accelerating Analytical Queries using the AlloyDB Columnar Engine`](qwiklabs/5.Create%20and%20Manage%20AlloyDB%20Databases/GSP1087.md)     | `GSP1087` |
| [`Create and Manage AlloyDB Databases - Challenge Lab`](qwiklabs/5.Create%20and%20Manage%20AlloyDB%20Databases/GSP395.md)                    | `GSP395`  |

<br>

## 6. Create and Manage Cloud Resources

| Lab                                                                                                                  | Code     |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| [`A Tour of Google Cloud Hands-on Labs`](#6-create-and-manage-cloud-resources)                                       | `GSP282` |
| [`Creating a Virtual Machine`](#6-create-and-manage-cloud-resources)                                                 | `GSP001` |
| [`Compute Engine: Qwik Start - Windows`]()                                                                           | `GSP093` |
| [`Getting Started with Cloud Shell and gcloud`](qwiklabs/6.Create%20and%20Manage%20Cloud%20Resources/GSP002.md)      | `GSP002` |
| [`Kubernetes Engine: Qwik Start`](qwiklabs/6.Create%20and%20Manage%20Cloud%20Resources/GSP100.md)                    | `GSP100` |
| [`Set Up Network and HTTP Load Balancers`](qwiklabs/6.Create%20and%20Manage%20Cloud%20Resources/GSP007.md)           | `GSP007` |
| [`Create and Manage Cloud Resources: Challenge Lab`](qwiklabs/6.Create%20and%20Manage%20Cloud%20Resources/GSP313.md) | `GSP313` |

<br>

## 7. Create ML Models with BigQuery ML

<br>

## 8. Deploy and Manage Cloud Environments with Google Cloud

| Lab                                                                                                                                                                  | Code     |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| [`Configuring IAM Permissions with gcloud`]()                                                                                                                        | `GSP647` |
| [`Hosting a Web App on Google Cloud Using Compute Engine`](qwiklabs/2.Build%20a%20Website%20on%20Google%20Cloud/GSP662.md)                                           | `GSP662` |
| [`Orchestrating the Cloud with Kubernetes`](qwiklabs/9.Deploy%20to%20Kubernetes%20in%20Google%20Cloud/GSP021.md)                                                     | `GSP021` |
| [`Networking 101`](qwiklabs/8.Deploy%20and%20Manage%20Cloud%20Environments%20with%20Google%20Cloud/GSP016.md)                                                        | `GSP016` |
| [`Using BigQuery and Cloud Logging to Analyze BigQuery Usage`](qwiklabs/8.Deploy%20and%20Manage%20Cloud%20Environments%20with%20Google%20Cloud/GSP617.md)            | `GSP617` |
| [`Migrate to Cloud SQL for PostgreSQL using Database Migration Service`](qwiklabs/8.Deploy%20and%20Manage%20Cloud%20Environments%20with%20Google%20Cloud/GSP318.md)  | `GSP318` |
| [`Deploy and Manage Cloud Environments with Google Cloud: Challenge Lab`](qwiklabs/8.Deploy%20and%20Manage%20Cloud%20Environments%20with%20Google%20Cloud/GSP314.md) | `GSP314` |

<br>

## 9. Deploy to Kubernetes in Google Cloud

| Lab                                                                                                              | Code     |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| [`Introduction to Docker`](qwiklabs/9.Deploy%20to%20Kubernetes%20in%20Google%20Cloud/GSP055.md)                  | `GSP055` |
| [`Kubernetes Engine: Qwik Start`](qwiklabs/6.Create%20and%20Manage%20Cloud%20Resources/GSP100.md)                | `GSP100` |
| [`Orchestrating the Cloud with Kubernetes`](qwiklabs/9.Deploy%20to%20Kubernetes%20in%20Google%20Cloud/GSP021.md) | `GSP021` |
| [`Deploy to Kubernetes in Google Cloud: Challenge Lab`](#9-deploy-to-kubernetes-in-google-cloud)                 | `GSP318` |

<br>

## 10. Engineer Data in Google Cloud

<br>

## 11. Ensure Access & Identity in Google Cloud

<br>

## 12. Exploring Data with Looker

| Lab                                                                                              | Code     |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------- |
| [`Looker Data Explorer - Qwik Start`](#12-exploring-data-with-looker)                            | `GSP718` |
| [`Filtering and Sorting Data in Looker`](#12-exploring-data-with-looker)                         | `GSP855` |
| [`Merging Results from Different Explores in Looker`](#12-exploring-data-with-looker)            | `GSP856` |
| [`Creating a Looker Modeled Query and Working with Quick Start`](#12-exploring-data-with-looker) | `GSP984` |
| [`Looker Functions and Operators`](#12-exploring-data-with-looker)                               | `GSP857` |
| [`Exploring Data with Looker: Challenge Lab`](#12-exploring-data-with-looker)                    | `GSP346` |

<br>

## 13. Google Cloud Solutions I: Scaling Your Infrastructure

<br>

## 14. Google Kubernetes Engine Best Practices: Security

<br>

## 15. Implement DevOps in Google Cloud

<br>

## 16. Insights from Data with BigQuery

| Lab                                                                                                                                                                   | Code     |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| [`Introduction to SQL for BigQuery and Cloud SQL`](#16-insights-from-data-with-bigquery)                                                                              | `GSP281` |
| [`BigQuery: Qwik Start - Console`](#16-insights-from-data-with-bigquery)                                                                                              | `GSP072` |
| [`Exploring Your Ecommerce Dataset with SQL in Google BigQuery`](#16-insights-from-data-with-bigquery)                                                                | `GSP407` |
| [`Troubleshooting Common SQL Errors with BigQuery`](#16-insights-from-data-with-bigquery)                                                                             | `GSP408` |
| [`Explore and Create Reports with Data Studio`](#16-insights-from-data-with-bigquery)                                                                                 | `GSP409` |
| [`Insights from Data with BigQuery: Challenge Lab`](https://www.courseintern.com/post/qwiklabs/challenge-labs/gsp787-insights-from-data-with-bigquery-challenge-lab/) | `GSP787` |

<br>

## 17. Measure Site Reliability using Cloud Operations Suite

<br>

## 18. Optimize Costs for Google Kubernetes Engine

<br>

## 19. Perform Foundational Data, ML, and AI Tasks in Google Cloud

<br>

## 20. Perform Foundational Infrastructure Tasks in Google Cloud

<br>

## 21. Securing your Network with Cloud Armor

<br>

## 22. Serverless Firebase Development

| Lab                                                                                                                         | Code     |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| [`Importing Data to a Firestore Database`](qwiklabs/22.Serverless%20Firebase%20Development/GSP642.md)                       | `GSP642` |
| [`Build a Serverless Web App with Firebase`](qwiklabs/22.Serverless%20Firebase%20Development/GSP643.md)                     | `GSP643` |
| [`Deploy a Hugo Website with Cloud Build and Firebase Pipeline`](qwiklabs/22.Serverless%20Firebase%20Development/GSP747.md) | `GSP747` |
| [`Serverless Firebase Development: Challenge Lab`](qwiklabs/22.Serverless%20Firebase%20Development/GSP344.md)               | `GSP344` |

<br>

## 23. Set Up and Configure a Cloud Environment in Google Cloud

<br>

| Lab    | Code |
| ------ | ---- |
| [``]() | ``   |
| [``]() | ``   |
| [``]() | ``   |
| [``]() | ``   |
| [``]() | ``   |
| [``]() | ``   |
